People are nostalgic for snow, so they create artificial snowstorms.
The only child aboard a space station saves the day when its crew is plagued by a debilitating illness that only affects adults.
A corporate created computer virus disables every device with a microchip on the planet, except for those that are protected with their high-priced security software.
Cassandra, a time traveling police officer, pretends to read her customers’ futures through Tarot cards because it’s the only way to convince them of the truth.
His loved one died, but is alive in a parallel universe, and he is somehow getting messages or clues about her life there.
Tired of stalled space exploration advancements, a scientist convinces the public that a meteor is on a collision course with Earth. In designing the fake “evidence,” it turns out the meteor isn’t a hoax. But now no one believes him.
Colonists on another planet want to be an independent country and lead a rebellion.
“Ikaria isn’t a religious retreat. It’s a science experiment. And you’re the mouse.”
A team of scientists attempt to genetically alter a human to adapt to another planet’s terrain or outer space travel. They accidentally make him or her immortal.
Books and videogames have both been replaced by interactive virtual worlds filled with fascinating characters.
People from a civilization that mysteriously disappeared centuries ago, such as ancestral Puebloans in the U.S. Southwest, return.
A man decides to climb Mars’s Olympus Mons. He’ll finish in three years, just in time for his wife to emerge from cryogenic freezing.When the last courtesan training house is threatened with obsolescence, the downtrodden women of the Athena belt unite to preserve the last vestige of female independence.
A boy grows up amidst “lost technology” with his grandparent’s stories about “Earth that was.”
Astronauts develop strange and unexpected symptoms in response to traveling at light speed.
A hacker creates a virtual currency that quickly becomes the dominant system of money on the entire planet.
Scientists discover the key to human origins trapped in the polar ice caps after they melt. The message it delivers is a second chance for mankind’s irresponsible treatment of their home.
An entertainment company synthesizes huge amounts of data they collected about viewer’s responses to movies and shows, and they use it to create a TV show that’s dangerously addictive.
An existentially bored man who lives in a smart house—where everything is done for him—pines for the Wild West where men had to fend for themselves.
New fitness devices track your movements and everything you eat automatically.
Someone is shrunk to a tiny size to perform a life-saving or planet-saving procedure impossible for a machine or an average-sized human.
“Turns out separate planets wasn’t far enough.”
At a new underwater amusement park and resort, built at a greater depth than any other construction before, the guests face an unforeseen threat.
On Ceres, a large asteroid, there’s a fueling station for spaceships. Terrorists take over the station and disrupt space travel and trade.
“They say there’s worms in the black. I never seen no worm. But I ain’t going back out there all the same.”
Breeding modern humans with large amounts of Neanderthal DNA leads to interesting results.
In a world where pain and suffering have been eliminated, people pay to experience a variety of negative sensations under safe and controlled circumstances.
Euthanasia is legal and painless means are widely available. A detective specializes in suspicious cases of euthanasia that may have been murder.
A girl’s dead brother contacts her through dreams claiming the afterlife is just another dimension.
Couchsurfing on another planet goes wrong.
The solar system is an ecologically closed spacecraft hurtling mankind toward its ultimate destiny.An existentially bored man who lives in a smart house—where everything is done for him—pines for the Wild West where men had to fend for themselves.
An alien from a planet where no one else experiences empathy comes to live on Earth, believing they will fit in better there.
A marathon runner illegally trains on a planet with stronger-than-Earth gravity to gain an advantage over his competition in the inter-universe Olympics.“It’s not really a fly. If you swat it, they’ll just fine you and send two more.”
The Air Force uses invisibility technology for the first time, but the pilot realizes her mission is morally reprehensible.
A social worker in an impoverished planetary colony discovers a cheap way to manufacture housing for the homeless, but the housing material is on a corporate reserve.
Scientists discover a fusion phenomena in deep space. Like a black hole, but in reverse. The material leaving it seems to be the building blocks for all life in the galaxy. Is this the great mother of all life in the universe?
A young inventor plans to step into a matter-energy transporter he just invented, for the first time.
You find out you’re a DNA experiment combining as many recessive genes into one person as possible. That’s why you’ve always felt so different from everyone else.
Medical researchers are attempting to bring people back to life after they’ve been dead for thirty minutes or even an hour and give them a full recovery. Their experimentation is unethical and/or leads to strange alterations to people’s brains.
An attempt to save the honeybees had surprising consequences.
A scientist races against time to hide his latest invention from the government: a devastating antimatter bomb that he fears will start World War III.
A failing physics student accidentally discovers faster-than-light-speed travel, but his professor doesn’t believe him.
A man shows up at the home of an infertile woman who is desperate to conceive. He claims to be her son from the future. He needs money and an egg from her ovary to help save her life.
A woman disappears for three years and returns with psychic powers.
An abandoned shack turns out to be a door to another universe as a band of local hooligans is about to find out.
All citizens are temporarily neutered at birth. Would-be parents must prove to the government that they’ll be suitable caretakers and providers before they are allowed to procreate.
“I can smell dark matter.”
A group of intelligence-enhanced lab animals must find a way to communicate before their turn in the euthanization chamber.
The ability to make visual recordings of dreams has exhilarating and terrifying consequences.
People become human mood rings: they get implants that make them change color along with their mood.
A man driven mad by a ringing in his ears discovers it’s an alien signal. And he isn’t the only one who can hear it.
Criminals and dissidents undergo illegal genetic therapy to change their DNA so the government has no record of them.
Advertisements appear randomly in thin air in front of a person. Getting media without this advertising is prohibitively expensive.
Women on Calisto colony are legally permitted only two children each. One man decides that one wife and two children aren’t enough.
It’s easy to look up exactly where any person is at any given time.
Humans have discovered a way to communicate directly with animals, and all the meat they consume is lab-created.
Mars has been terraformed by dropping nuclear bombs on its poles, and the first human colonists have been assured that almost all of the radiation has escaped the atmosphere.
A fishing vessel near Antarctica pulls what appears to be a new, humanoid species up in its net—and it turns out to be very, very smart.
“After eons and light years of travel, I’ve learned only one thing of any consequence: there’s nowhere far enough that her memory doesn’t follow.”
A woman and her boyfriend are out for a night on the town, only to discover they’re trapped in a pocket universe where everything is the opposite of what it should be.
“You can see my love from space.”
A virus can be transmitted from computers or other machines to humans with bionic upgrades.
All marriages must be approved by a department of the government, which analyzes massive amounts of data to predict the success of the union, its economic and social impact on society, the health and welfare of any children, and so on. It’s such a hassle that many people opt for government-arranged marriages instead.
It’s 2030, and the newest trend is to have one’s eyes replaced with implants that record and upload everything you see for all the world to watch
A civilization faces its destruction as one of its moons breaks orbit and plunges toward the planet.
A time traveler from centuries in the future fails in their attempt to impersonate a person of the twenty-first century. They enlist someone’s help to carry out a mission.
The crew of Earth’s first deep space vessel discover an area of space where Earth’s laws of physics don’t apply.
In this world, Napoleon’s army took over Australia, he never lost at Waterloo, France took control of most of Europe, and World War I and World War II never happened.
“No man on the planet has the key to the galaxy that we do. Join us.”
An alien race makes contact—with King Tutankhamun in ancient Egypt.
Gold-fingered gods arrive in chariot-emblazoned space crafts claiming to be the Roman Pantheon back from vacation.
“You got the credits, we got the crystal.”
A hobo finds the secret to true love tonic.
An army general leads a squad of aliens that have come to earth to assist the Allies during WWII in their fight against Hitler.
“I have to deactivate you. I’m sorry.”
A group of FBI agents assigned to weird cases discover a parallel universe intruding into our own.
A young lawyer graduates into a world where, for the first time, brain scans can accurately detect lies.
A man takes a vacation to another dimension only to find that everything he was trying to get away from, he’s brought with him.
Mass hysteria hits 1950s New York after a report of a Martian spotted atop the Empire State Building.
A human and alien fall in love, causing an interplanetary crisis.
“I’m from another planet. Let’s just say we’re neighbors.”
Global warming prompts rapid mutations in the human species.
An elderly man creates the first ever artificial life form just before he dies—and it’s a copy of his 20-year-old self.
The first time travellers seem to have no ability to improve the course of human events. If they kill Hitler, for instance, some other person does exactly what he did. They search for the way to really alter the timeline.
The huge, thin sheets of material covering some trees and yards turn out to be discarded placentas.
Patients are woken up from hibernation when the cures to their diseases have been discovered.
Spies use tiny implants in the retina that record and transmit everything to the commanders in another country. The implants dissolve after a certain amount of time.
A man with writer’s block attends a hypnotic dream workshop where his dreams will be recorded for story premises. Except, when he awakens, one hundred years have passed, and all his story ideas are already classics with someone else’s name on them.
A low-level employee in a bureaucratic government office realizes the paperwork he files every day contains codes that determine others’ fates.
Extreme elective surgery is the societal norm, and humans undergo creative modifications that include extra limbs, cartoon-like features, and so on.
You think you’re chasing the last vestige of a prehistoric Earth creature, but it turns out to be an alien.
“We were always on the same page, even when it came to splitting for separate planets.”
Faced with Earth’s imminent destruction, two computer whizzes design Earth Memory—a hub containing art, internet content, knowledge, written history, human DNA, and the two boys’ memories. They wake up with 100k other humans on an Earth-like planet where they must work to find out what happened and who saved them.
Each child a woman births is a vote for that world’s continuation.The CEO of Living Doll Corp has a crisis of conscience when a child drowns trying to save a doll that fell in a lake.
A man invents cybernetic legs to help his dog walk again after three of them are cut off in an accident.
“It’s not really a fly. If you swat it, they’ll just fine you and send two more.”
Faced with a new ice age, Earth’s major civilizations have moved into Arcologies—massive, city-sized buildings that stretch high into the sky and hold millions of people.
“We’re headed to Madam Maxime’s at the edge of the universe.”
A group of scientists discover a cheap, renewable energy source that when put into place across the world further destabilizes the oil-dependent Middle East.
When the capitalist class of Pandora moves to a remote third-world country, a group of unemployed journalists investigate.
In the not-so-far-future, smartphones have been reduced to the size of microchips that are implanted in wrist bones, accessed through glowing displays in and holographic projections from the skin.
A test pilot returns to Earth after the first-ever faster-than-light space flight.
Implants make telepathy possible between the humans who get them.
High-speed robotic horses become a trendy alternative to cars and weave through heavy traffic with ease.
“I learned to stop time traveling today. I was doing it just to hurt myself.”
A drug that makes people non-confrontational has been added to the public water supply and to all beverages sold by major corporations.
A secret society of scientists labors to make medical discoveries and to save the planet, even though a religious fundamentalist government has outlawed their activities.
“Why grieve when you can keep your loved one encased in Forever Glass™?”
The CEO of Living Doll Corp has a crisis of conscience when a child drowns trying to save a doll that fell in a lake.
A time-adept species will serve your prison sentence, but you have to exchange the favor in the afterlife. An atheist decides if it’s worth it.
“If I can’t save her from the creaux, then no one else matters.”
A man wakes to find himself trapped in a Holodeck-like virtual reality simulator. The thing is, he’s not sure he wants to leave.
An alien planet outsources city planning by creating a complex, engrossing city-building videogame popular with humans.
An orphan girl, desperate to make anything last, snaps pictures with a camera she found among ship wreckage. She finds she can enter the still-life photos without aging.
Men in a secret society on Earth decide to transform the US into a third-world country to make it a more exciting vacation spot.
A man in a refugee camp for memory loss victims starts to remember his past—that he and the other refugees were freedom fighters with special abilities. But he can’t access his powers without help from his friends. Can he help the others remember?
A virus attacks humans. The survivors, now fused with the virus, begin to remember a time before Earth.
Because it’s too hard to screen for performance-enhancing drugs, they are made legal and are an important component of sports.
Everyone on Earth falls asleep at the same time, except one man.
An alien doesn’t know how to tell the humans s/he’s become intimately involved with that s/he’s an alien, even though they will find out soon.
Because android “kids” have become so lifelike, amusing, and hassle-free, no one wants to have real ones.
Online bullying is made a felony, which leads to unforeseen complications.
When the last courtesan training house is threatened with obsolescence, the downtrodden women of the Athena belt unite to preserve the last vestige of female independence.“Ikaria isn’t a religious retreat. It’s a science experiment. And you’re the mouse.”
“I don’t care about bioluminescent lakes, dad! I like my sparkle in a glow stick.”
A Captain sets off on a mission to negotiate an interplanetary alliance, but he’s warned it could lead to Earth’s destruction.
A new device automatically tracks your mood levels and emotions. This leads people to avoid more of what makes them unhappy and do more of what makes them feel good.
The world’s leaders broker a deal with the alien invaders that many see as unfair.
A diaspora of humans evacuate Earth before a catastrophic collision. When the collision date comes and goes without incident, those left behind must decide what to do with Earth and whether to let the evacuees get away with criminal abandonment.
“Resistance is futile.”
Birds and butterflies are able to navigate on long migrations due to proteins in their bodies that align with the earth’s magnetic fields. Scientists put these proteins to a new use.
Five intrepid teens discover that the wizard class who rule the country are really just masters of a minor technology that one of the boys has accidentally stolen.
A girl discovers an additive in the food supply that keeps the population tired, sick, and foggy-headed. After she stops eating the additive and “wakes up,” her success and seemingly super-human abilities draws the attention of the authorities who offer compelling reasons why she should keep her silence.A group of intelligence-enhanced lab animals must find a way to communicate before their turn in the euthanization chamber.
“Roads? Where we’re going we don’t need roads.”
A corporate analyst who investigates failed colonization projects encounters the strangest case of his career. It’s a ghost colony with no record of anything catastrophic or any indication of what went wrong. The people are simply gone. Just when he’s about to write off the project into bureaucratic oblivion, he notices something else that’s missing. Can he reconstruct the past from the hole it left deleting itself?
A rift in spacetime allows an alien that looks an awful lot like a dragon to escape into the sky over New York City.
An alien race chooses a young boy with autism for first contact with humans because the unique pathways in his brain are perfect for their preferred style of communication: telepathy.
“He flew in here on his government-issue cruiser and stole my heart.”
A boy from 1920s America learns he’s actually in the year 2020, where technology is advanced and he’s a social study.
An old woman, fed up with the alien soldiers she’s forced to house, kills one who puts his muddy boots on her coffee table for the last time.
A neurologist discovers that the human brain is wired to learn planetary physics during infancy. Is this proof that humans weren’t always Earth-dwelling?
